The West did not become less religious. It changed religions. Mental health now supplies invisible causes, authorized interpreters, confession, redemption, ritual language, and moral exclusion. The clinical error beneath it is simple: psychiatry creates a label from symptoms and then says that the label caused the symptoms.
Nothing can suggest
that this diagnosis is wrong.
The course arrives with the conclusion
and then makes everything else
point towards it.
The person
doesn't meet the criteria for autism.
Well, they're masking it.
If the antidepressant didn't work,
then it's autistic burnout.
And if the patient has a lot of anxiety,
well, that's hidden ADHD.
This is not competent
diagnosis or clinical reasoning,
and if nothing can prove your conclusions
wrong, then you are doing theology.
This is religion.
And honestly, these courses do feel more
like religious experiences.
But opening up into what?
Opening up into a field
where the experts and clinicians
think that disorders are hiding behind
symptoms like goblins in the attic,
a field where ADHD and autism become
master keys for depression,
anxiety symptoms, personality disorders,
and any kind of treatment resistance,
any kind of medication failure or therapy failure.
This is not mental health care.
This is brain rot.
You do not need more news articles,
more people,
more posters
telling men to open up this month.
We need better clinical reasoning
when they do, and that's why
mental health is getting stupid
and we need to start pushing back.